schedulix
=========

schedulix is an open source enterprise job scheduling system.
Instructions for compilation and installation can be found in doc/installtion_en.pdf (English)
or doc/installation.pdf (German).

Documentation of the user interface can be found in doc/online_en.pdf (English) or
doc/online_de.pdf (German).

All the progress will be twittered (https://twitter.com/schedulix).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The last stable branch is v2.6.1
It can be obtained by doing a

git clone https://github.com/schedulix/schedulix.git -b v2.6.1

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important notice:
Due to a changed read strategy in the code generated by jflex 1.6.x, we cannot recommend
to use this version of jflex at the moment, unless you like code digging or deadlocks. 

After contacting the jflex guys, the flaw has been fixed. This fix will be part of jflex 1.7.
The changes in jflex 1.7 require the use of another skeleton. We'll support this version 
in the next release of schedulix.

**For now, it is highly recommended to use one of the 1.4.x versions of jflex.**

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to upgrade from some previous version to the current version some schema changes
are required. Scripts to perform tha action are located in the *_gen subdirectories of the
sql directory. They are called generated_upgrade_<version-from>_to_<version-to>.
The general procedure of upgrading is

* Shut down the local jobservers
* Shut down the scheduling server (server-stop)
* Replace the software tree
* Execute upgrade script(s)
* Start the server
* Start the local jobservers

There's no direct need to upgrade the remote client installations. The upgrade procedure
is similar to the server upgrade.

In case of questions or problems, feel free to ask in the schedulix' google group.

Happy Hacking :-)
